enterprise/reports: add users and events export (#18088)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/sys-mgmt/events/logging-events.md

2. If the list of operators does not appear in a drop-down menu you will need to manually enter it.
3. For queries that include `user`, `brand`, or `context` you need to use a compound term such as `user.username` or `brand.name`.
   :::

> ## Export events:ak-enterprise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Export events :ak-enterprise
```

You can export the events to a CSV file. To request a data export:

> 1. Go to **Events > Logs** in the Admin interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and navigate to **Events > Logs**.
```
